DEV-100: High Fidelity windows build guide updates (#15667)
highfidelity/hifi: BUILD_WIN.md

Download and install the latest version of CMake 3.9.

Download the file named win64-x64 Installer from the [CMake Website](https://cmake.org/download/). You can access the installer on this [3.9 Version page](https://cmake.org/files/v3.9/). During installation, make sure to check "Add CMake to system PATH for all users" when prompted.

> ### Step 3. Create VCPKG environment variable

Reviewer: It'd be useful to add a little explanation as to what this variable is and why we want a user to set it.

Author: Ack

* Naviagte to 'Edit the System Environment Variables' Through the start menu.
* Click on 'Environment Variables'
* Select 'New' 
* Set "Variable name" to HIFI_VCPKG_BASE

> * Set "Variable value" to the same directory you created your build directory in.

Reviewer: This isn't quite right - you want the user to set the variable value to some (any) directory over which they have control. It really can be anywhere. The reason why we want the user to set this is so that the VCPKG files don't get deleted by Windows when it purges the `%temp%` directory.

Author: Ack

Download and install the latest version of CMake 3.9.

Download the file named win64-x64 Installer from the [CMake Website](https://cmake.org/download/). You can access the installer on this [3.9 Version page](https://cmake.org/files/v3.9/). During installation, make sure to check "Add CMake to system PATH for all users" when prompted.

### Step 3. Create VCPKG environment variable

> In the next step you will be using CMake to build hifi, but first it is recommended that you create an environment variable linked to a directory somewhere on your machine you have control over. The directory will hold all temporary files and, in the event of a failed build, will ensure that any dependencies  that generated prior to the failure will not need to be generated again.

Reviewer: This is a great start! Here are a few suggestions I have based on your language:
```suggestion
In the next step, you will use CMake to build High Fidelity. By default, the CMake process builds dependency files in Windows' `%TEMP%` directory, which is periodically cleared by the operating system. To prevent you from having to re-build the dependencies in the event that Windows clears that directory, we recommend that you create a `HIFI_VCPKG_BASE` environment variable linked to a directory somewhere on your machine. That directory will contain all dependency files until you manually remove them.
```

Author: Ack

Where `%HIFI_DIR%` is the directory for the highfidelity repository.

### Step 5. Making a Build

Open `%HIFI_DIR%\build\hifi.sln` using Visual Studio.

Change the Solution Configuration (menu ribbon under the menu bar, next to the green play button) from "Debug" to "Release" for best performance.

Create another environment variable (see Step #3)
* Set "Variable name": `PreferredToolArchitecture`
* Set "Variable value": `x64`

> Run from the menu bar `Build > Build Solution`.

Reviewer: There should be a step above this to restart Visual Studio, otherwise the new environment variable right above here won't take.

Author: Ack

Where `%HIFI_DIR%` is the directory for the highfidelity repository.

### Step 5. Making a Build

Open `%HIFI_DIR%\build\hifi.sln` using Visual Studio.

Change the Solution Configuration (menu ribbon under the menu bar, next to the green play button) from "Debug" to "Release" for best performance.

Create another environment variable (see Step #3)
* Set "Variable name": `PreferredToolArchitecture`
* Set "Variable value": `x64`

> Restart Visual Studio for the new variable to take affect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart Visual Studio for the new variable to take effect.
```

Author: Ack
